issue/3163 Added _hasItemScoring (#161)
adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-mcq: README.md

**\_isRandom** (boolean): Setting this value to `true` will cause the `_items` to appear in a random order each time the component is loaded. The default is `false`.   

> **\_hasItemScoring** (boolean): When `false`, this question scores 0 for incorrect and 'Question Weight' for correct. When `true`, this question scores by summing the `_score` of the selected items.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**\_hasItemScoring** (boolean): When `false`, this question scores 0 for incorrect and '`_questionWeight` for correct. When `true`, this question scores by summing the `_score` of the selected items.  
```

> **\_questionWeight** (number): When '_hasItemScoring' is `false`, this is the question score for a correct response. This number is used in calculations of the final score reported to the LMS.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**\_questionWeight** (number): When `_hasItemScoring` is `false`, this is the question score for a correct response. This number is used in calculations of the final score reported to the LMS.  
```

>**feedback** (string): This attribute is used only when the value for **\_selectable** is set to `1` (i.e., radio button style questions). This text will be shown if the learner selects this item, and it is an incorrect answer. 

> >**\_score** (boolean): If 'Item Scoring' is `true`, when selected, item scores are summed to give the question score.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**\_score** (number): If `_hasItemScoring` is `true`, when selected, item scores are summed to give the question score.  
```
